Goblet of Fire
==============

Every participant that doesn't participate dies, that's the contract/curse of the goblet of fire.

Dumbledore and the other judges agreed to always make Harry fail in the beginning for some reason, and if he didn't stop, they would disqualify him because he didn't listen to the judges. Madame Maxine and Karkarov agreed, as they were furious anyways about a second participant from Hogwarts.

.. note::

    | "But this is such a hacky way to get past a curse, a proper curse would understand that they are faking it."
    | This curse is not from Voldemort or something. It's done by some ministry folk a few hundred years ago, it is just a students tournament, not an all powerful dark magic curse.

Deciding this was easy for Dumbledore, as he doesn't need Harry to participate in a deadly tournament where someone is probably trying to kill Harry, as no one knows why his name was put into the goblet.

The trophy isn't a portkey as Barty Crouch Jr. told Voldemort Harry won't participate anyways, Cedric wins, and lives.

In the course of defense against the dark arts, Barty Crouch Jr. (still in the form of Moody) finds an excuse to move Harry outside the castle's disapparate protection, and apparates to the graveyard and ressurects Voldemort anyways. Everything happens exactly the same way on the graveyard except for Cedric's death. Voldemort wants some of Harry's blood because he doesn't understand Merlin's protection. As Harry's life is not threatened by a knife held by Wormtail, the extraction of blood works just like it did. 