Order of the Phoenix
====================

.. warning::

    This all sucks. It's just what seems to me would've happened with proper power-levels. I don't like it though. I'm thinking of just letting Hermione rush to Snape earlier, and Snape stopping them from going to the ministry in the first place.

Hermione keeps telling Harry to not go and rescue Sirius; even after looking for him in Grimmauld Place 12. She is persistent on that to the point where, when Harry, Luna, Ginny, Ron and Neville want to leave, she casts a clinging curse on Harry. The other DA-members then put one on her and lift Harry's. They leave while Hermione is paralyzed. Once the charm lifts from Hermione, she rushes to Snape to tell him the others are on their way to the ministry.

When Luna, Ginny, Ron, Neville and Harry arrive at the ministry, the death eaters murder Luna, Ginny, Ron and Neville on the spot. They then get the prophecy from Harry without killing him or damagin the prophecy, as they are adult wizards trained in combat under Voldemort, and Harry is 15 years old. They clean the dead bodies up after themselves as to not alert anyone, capture Harry and alert Voldemort to come.

By this time, the Order, alerted b Snape, arrive. Bellatrix murders Sirius Black. Voldemort and Dumbledore arrive at the same time, but Voldemort shys away as he does not want the ministry to know he returned. The death eaters left no trace of the fight either, so the ministry wont know Voldemort's back.

Harry is traumatized beyond recovery. The Weasley's abandoned him as he	took 2 children from them.

After spending one year (across the book) trying to convice Fudge that Voldemort is back, Dumbledore bewitches his mind and some other high ranking ministry people to make them tell everyone that Voldemort is back. The story Dumbledore made up is the one from the Order of the Phoenix (they spotted Voldemort during a duel between Dumbledore and Voldemort [*which did not take place in reality!*</em>*]). The whole wizarding community now believes Dumbledore that Voldemort is back. Dumbledore didn't do this in the first place because he usually doesn't believe in simply bewitching someone, and thinks it is more powerful if they change their mind on their own.

Dumbledore knows that he needs Harry to defeat Voldemort, so he performs a mind-spell on Harry, the Weasleys, Hermione, Luna's father and Nevilles grandma. He makes everyone forget about Ginny, Ron, Neville, Luna and Sirius. Everyone thinks Harry went to the ministry on his own. The spell contains a part which activates when someone speaks of this event to anyone involved. The spell puts them in a trance like state, and takes over the conversation with their own mouth with whomever they are talking to, indicating to them, that they do not want to speak of this again.

Everything is "back to normal", Harry and Hermione are now alone.